Trust and Compliance: Fiscal provisions (#105)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/trust/fiscal/united-kingdom.md

# United Kingdom

{% include "warning-tax-law.md" %}

## Value-added Tax (VAT)

> When selling goods and services in Switzerland, VAT ("Value-added tax") may apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When selling goods and services in the United Kingdom, VAT ("Value-added tax") may apply.
```
